not branch but yes tags (#187)
Financial-Times/dotcom-tool-kit: plugins/circleci-npm/readme.md

			only: /^v\d+\.\d+\.\d+(-.+)?/
```

> The tool-kit/publish job is triggered in your circleci pipeline once you do a release on github with a tag matching the semver format eg. v1.6.0-beta.1 , v1.6.0. If your tag is a beta version ie. v1.6.0-beta.1, then the publish job will tag your build as a prerelease version. But if your tag is a release version ie. v1.6.0, then the publish job will tag your build as the latest version.

Reviewer: **nitpick**: you don't _have_ to do a github release, that's just one way of creating a git tag
**nitpick**: very minor formatting changes:

```suggestion
The tool-kit/publish job is triggered in your circleci pipeline once you do a release on github with a tag matching the semver format, e.g. `v1.6.0-beta.1`, `v1.6.0`. If your tag is a beta version, i.e. `v1.6.0-beta.1`, then the publish job will tag your build as a prerelease version. But if your tag is a release version, i.e. `v1.6.0`, then the publish job will tag your build as the latest version.
```
